123
123,1ё24
123,123
12,123,123,123
564
believe, chief, fierce, friend,
ceiling и receipt.
receipt
receipt
weird
One cannot live without friends.
It is important for every one to share the happy moments and feel sympathy and support in a difficult situation.
Making friends is easy, but one needs time to call someone the best friend.
I am happy to have such a person in my life. My best friend's name is Olya.
We are not very much alike but that does not matter.
We understand each other and we are always ready to give a helping hand.
Olya is 21 and she is a very smart person.
She is one of the best students in our group.
We support each other in any situation.
She can easily find the right words to comfort or encourage me.

Olya is very beautiful. She has long hair, a slim figure, beautiful eyes and a charming smile.
She is a kind and sincere person, open-hearted and easy-going.
Her hobby is dancing. When she is on the stage, you forget everything and enjoy her dancing.

When I visit her at her home, she always cooks something tasty.
I like being at her home.
She has a friendly family, her mother is a wise woman, and they can easily understand each other I think they are not only close relatives but also close friends.
I sometimes ask her mother for advice and she finds the right words for me.
Olya takes very much after her mother, that's why it is so pleasant to communicate with her.
I am happy to have such a friend as Olya.
There is a photo from my family album.
This is one of the latest photos.
My whole family is in it.
There are four of us.
My parents are in the centre.
To begin with, I am going to talk about my father.
He is neither old nor young and works as a businessman at the office.
He is a handsome man with dark hair just beginning to go grey.
As he is a bread-maker in the family, he often works overtime.
He is sociable, sincere and reliable.
I can rely on him in any situation.

My mother is a few years younger than my father.
She looks slim and pretty in the photo, so she is in life.
She is an elegant and an intelligent woman.
She loves my father and the whole family.
She does a lot for us.
Shopping and cooking for the family are among her every-day chores.
She is a university teacher and is re­spected both by her students and colleagues. I must admit, she is a very understand­ing person and often is the first to give a helping hand in a difficult situation.

In front of my parents sits my grandmother, my mother's mother.
I do not have other grandparents.
She is retired now.
To tell you the truth, I do not feel the generation gap between us.
She would listen to my endless stories about my friends and my university life.
I do not always follow her advice, but I should say, my granny is a wise person and an easy-going one.
They say, I look similar to her.
Maybe, that's why I'm sitting near her.
Here 4 of us are happy and smiling.

To cut a long story short, we are a united and friendly family.
When I have free time, I often listen to my favourite composer, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, His works fill me with new energy, help me to relax and raise my mood.
He was a very talented musician.
His father taught him the violin, piano and musical theory.
Little Mozart began to write music at the age of four.
He wrote his first opera when he was eleven.
When Mozart became an adult, he moved to Vienna.
He had been successful in this town as a child prodigy, but as an adult he found it difficult to find a job.

In Vienna he met Haydn, who became his second father.
Haydn supported the young composer and helped him in his musical career.
Mozart's operas became very popular in the city.
He did not spend much time thinking about his next composition.
Musical ideas sprang from his mind and he just had to write them down.
At this time he married Constance Weber and wrote one of his most famous works — C-minor composition.

Mozart enjoyed a successful career.
He worked a lot.
He visited Prague with his operas.
Writing his last work Requiem, commissioned by an unusual stranger, that it was his own requiem.
He did not manage to finish his work and died at the age of 35 from poor health.
The Requiem was completed by one of his pupils, Sussmary.
Mozart's 49 symphonies and 18 operas are now world-famous and are considered to have healing power.
